Add Flower baselines template (#1956)
adap/flower: baselines/baseline_template/README.md

# :warning:*_Title of your baseline_*

> Note: If you use this baseline in your work, please remember to cite the original authors of the paper as well as the Flower paper.

> :warning: Please follow the instructions in `EXTENDED_README.md`

> > :warning: Please follow the instructions carefully. First copy this directory and rename it with something meaningful about your baseline. Then add the code into the Python scripts provided, and edit all the fields in the readme that start with a :warning: symbols (and remove the comments as you start adding the information). You can see the [FedProx-Mnist baseline](~https://github.com/adap/flower/tree/fedprox_mnist_refresh/baselines/flwr_baselines/publications/fedprox_mnist~) as an example of a baseline that followed this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: Please follow the instructions carefully. First copy this directory and rename it with something meaningful about your baseline. Then add the code into the Python scripts provided, and edit all the fields in the readme that start with a :warning: symbols (and remove the comments as you start adding the information). You can see the [FedProx-MNIST baseline](~https://github.com/adap/flower/tree/fedprox_mnist_refresh/baselines/flwr_baselines/publications/fedprox_mnist~) as an example of a baseline that followed this guide.
```

****Labels:**** :warning: *_add a list of single-word (maybe two-words) terms that can be used to categorise this baseline. For example: `image classification`, `heterogeneous clients`, `personalisation`, `communication efficiency`. Please use between 4 and 10 labels._*

> ****Paper:**** :warning: *_add the URL of the paper._*

Reviewer: Should we ask people to link to the arXiv page instead of the PDF?

****Dataset:**** :warning: *_Earlier you listed already the datasets that your baseline uses. Now you should include a breakdown of the details about each of them. Please include information about: how the dataset is partitioned (e.g. LDA with alpha 0.1 as default and all clients have the same number of training examples; or each client gets assigned a different number of samples following a power-law distribution with each client only instances of 2 classes)? if  your dataset is naturally partitioned just state “naturally partitioned”; how many partitions there are (i.e. how many clients)? Please include this an all information relevant about the dataset and its partitioning into a table._*

****Training Hyperparameters:**** :warning: *_Include a table with all the main hyperparameters in your baseline. Please show them with their default value._*

## Environment Setup

> :warning: _The Python environmet for all baselines should follow these guidelines in the `EXTENDED_README`. Specify the steps to create and activate your environment. If there are any external system-wide requirements please include instructions for them too. These instructions should be comprenhensive enough so anyone can run them (if non standard, describe them step-by-step)._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: _The Python environment for all baselines should follow these guidelines in the `EXTENDED_README`. Specify the steps to create and activate your environment. If there are any external system-wide requirements, please include instructions for them too. These instructions should be comprehensive enough so anyone can run them (if non-standard, describe them step-by-step)._
```
